Sync and corrections by btsix
www.addic7ed.com.
"And so, for your birthday, Chris,"
I'm giving you this dollar bill.
Don't spend it all in one place.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
ha, ha, ha, arrow.
Ha, ha, ha, ha,
ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
"Love, Grandpa."
What a generous gift.
I know. Isn't money great?
Oh, it's the best.
And now to seal it with a wet cough.
Well, I better get this
dollar bill on its way.
Ah. You there, mailman.
Me?
No, the other black guy
in shorts. Yes, you.
- Here.
- Well.
You, sir, are a racist
and a rude one at that.
So, you're not a mailman?
Okay, yes, I am a mailman,
but these are my 1983
Maurice Cheeks shorts.
So, you're gonna deliver
this card or what?
Mm, fine, I will.
I took an oath.
If mail touches me, I
have to deliver it.
Sorry, it's my chimes.
Hey, Cleveland, come on in.
Surprise! Surprise! Surprise!
What the hell's he doing?!
Sorry, Cleveland, he
wanted a surprise party
and this is how he thinks it works.
Surprise! Surprise!
Here you go, Chris.
I also have a fat, weird boy.
Would you like a hug?
Yes. Birthdays are the hardest.
Grandpa only gave me a dollar?
Chris, you write him a thank-you note.
That will is still wide open.
Wow, a dollar.
29 more cents and I can buy
"My Sharona" on iTunes.
Boy, that guy did not
like sharing Sharonas.
♪ Nobody will know 'cause
it's in a coffee cup. ♪
Wow, getting drunk in the morning.
Who are you, Hoda Kot-ba...
Hoda Ka-Ka-ba... H-Kot...
Kathie Lee Gifford?
Ah, come on, it's just an eye-opener.
Just a little hair of the me.
Spoken like a truly unfunny alcoholic.
You know, I bet you couldn't
go a single day without booze.
One day? You're on.
How much you want to bet?
I will bet you one dollar.
Thank you, I will take that
and give you a spoon
'cause you're a dumb baby.
Hey! What the hell do you
think you're... ooh, a spoon!
Okay, another car ride,
another opportunity to
practice my DJ ramp-ups.
Just got to navigate iTunes
while merging onto the freeway.
All right, "Two Princes."
Here we go.
95.5, WPET, you got
Peter "The Riff" Griff,
shockin' ya and rockin' ya while
I'm sittin' here talkin' to ya.
It's 75 and sunny, which
means our Street Squad's
gonna be out looking for
them Super Stickers.
If you don't got one,
get down to Linoleum Depot this
Saturday from 9:00 to 2:00.
I'll be there hooking you up.
Slap one on your car,
win a hundred bucks.
Now, I'm looking around and
I'm seeing the Spin Doctors
with not one, but "Two Princes."
Nailed it.
Okay, time for second breakfast.
Welcome to McBurgertown.
What can I get for you today?
Hmm, what's the easiest
thing to eat in the car?
Um, I'll have the huevos rancheros
and an orange soda without a cap.
That'll be $3.74.
Awesome. I can pay in change.
Mmm.
I should visit the Southwest.
I know I'd love it.
Hey, you guys want to
play a drinking game?
- Fleek yeah!
- Not really.
Well, there's this game where
you try to toss a penny
into a shot glass.
And if you miss, you got to drink?
No, you just drink the whole time.
- Aw, sweet!
- Fleekin' "A"!
No more, Joe!
Yeah, that sounds awesome.
Hey, anybody got a hundred
pennies for a dollar?
I do.
"American Red Cross"?
Yeah. I stole it from a dry cleaner
who refused to put my picture up.
What do we have...
Oop, too young.
Too young, Tommy.
Can I get an iced coffee?
Oh, no worries?
All right, now, I see
you've got large breasts.
In recognition of that, I'd
like to tip you one dollar.
You know, even though you and
Peter have your differences,
I'm glad it hasn't
affected our friendship.
Us redheads have to
stay together, right?
So this is "stuck at work"?
Honey, please. Lois is a friend.
Really, Nicole, you got the wrong idea.
How does this bitch know my name?
Bitch?
Okay, ho.
Oh, I'm gonna enjoy this.
Come on, now, ladies.
Awesome. A chick-chicken chick fight.
Ah, ha, ha.
Since you are my girlfriend and are hot,
will you marry me so
that I can bone you?
As long as you can always
throw a Nerf football
over my truck with your strong arm.
You mean this arm?
Oh!
Ah, cripes.
Yeah, now there is no way.
Hey, a dollar! Neat!
Maybe her knowing I have money
will bring the moisture.
Janine, wait!
I have a dollar!
We could split a Mickey's Big Mouth!
You gon' crash!
Ah, a parchment of value!
What an event!
You said it, friend.
The goddess of money has
fisted our stocking.
Ho ho! Is many funny arms!
So, the guy asks, "What's
the name of the act?"
And they say, "The Aristocrats."
Ah, I didn't tell it right.
Hey, must be my lucky day!
Perhaps I press my luck.
No Whammies, no Whammies, no Whammies,
Big Bucks, Big Bucks, and... stop!
Ah, rats.
Well, perhaps I press my luck with Meg.
Hey there, Meg.
I was wondering if you'd
let me take you out
for a feast of Indian food, followed by
some blow-off-to-the-side curry burps?
Oh, I-I can't tonight.
I, um, I have a date with a Whammy.
All right, well, if you're ever free,
here's me number.
Oh, hi, Chris.
But... well, that's... that's my line.
Hey, I came by to bring you a frame
for that birthday dollar I gave you.
Hi, Meg.
What a disrespectful turd.
You brought a frame?
Why would I frame a dollar?
Chris, didn't you take
a look at that dollar?
It's an extremely rare misprint.
Benjamin Franklin and Washington
are both on the front,
posing back-to-back like an '80s sitcom.
Sorry, Grandpa, I lost that dollar.
You what?!
We got to find that thing!
I get the last joke
before the commercial?
Wow, this is a first.
Okay, okay... a priest, a rabbi
and a Frenchman walk into a bar...
Family Guy will return
after these messages.
- Last line!
- No, it isn't.
All right, Chris, if we're going
to find that misprint dollar,
we have to retrace your steps.
Now, where'd you go after
your birthday party?
Well, first I drank a Four Loko,
and then I rode my bike
down to the hair salon
and shouted "Nope!" at all
the women who came out.
Huh. Call me next time you do that.
Hi, Meg.
Unbelievable.
Can I have a can of chaw and a fork?
Do you need this phone number on here?
Nah.
How long has that bike been out front?
I don't know, a couple hours.
I'm gonna swipe that puppy.
All right, got some vodka and tampons.
Now to go ask Chris how they're
doing this at the high school.
- Aha!
- Stewie?
Wh-What are you doing here?
Busting you. You were gonna drink that.
Technically, no.
Do you even hear yourself?
Look, I'm gonna fix this.
I know a guy who's got pills
that help stop addictions.
Ugh, fine.
All right, we are buying none of these.
Please put them back. But
we'll take one of these.
Ooh, Charleston Chew. Good choice.
You know about putting
them in the freezer?
Yeah. I know about the freezer.
There's nothing you can
teach me, thank you.
All right, this is where
we can buy those pills
to get you off the sauce.
You guys ready for this?
Stewie, who is this guy?
My friend, Todd. He's gonna help us out.
But this looks like a drug den.
What are you talking about?
♪ Drug den, drug den ♪
♪ Drug den, drug den. ♪
I told you it was a drug den.
How you doing? Come on in.
Hello, new friends.
Welcome to my "prescription pad."
Get it?
W-We're dead. We're getting shot.
Oh, calm down.
Heads up. Sometimes my
knob plays peek-a-boo
through my pee hatch.
So, I hear you guys need some benzos.
Yeah, we got to dry this dog up.
W-Wait, hang on, hang on, hang on.
This is my favorite part of the song.
- Tequila!
- ♪ Motoring. ♪
Ah, I'm thinking of a different song.
So, uh, you guys got the $500?
Here's a little taste.
And there's more where that came from.
But I got to see the merchandise first.
Good, good, I need singles.
I got to do laundry so
I can stop hanging out
in my underwear with a bunch of guys.
All right, give me all your money!
Stewie, what's this guy doing?
No idea. I don't know him that well.
He was kicking a Redbox
machine outside of CVS.
Seemed like the kind of guy
who could help us out.
Damn it.
Pistorius!
Boom! Through the bathroom door.
Did you just name-drop "Pistorius"?
He's still a hero to us.
So I made it, Cleveland made
it, and now you made it, Joe.
Yeah. Thanks for the recap.
Yeah. Everybody's made it but this guy.
Quit it! Get off of me.
Ah, what's wrong, Pete?
Boop. Boop. Boop-boop-boop.
Stop it! Stop touching me.
Hey, guys, I did it three more times
while you were grab-assing.
Need a lift?
We could be a Geico commercial.
You're absolutely right.
You don't have ass or grass,
so I'll be taking this dollar.
No, no, no. I don't want ass.
Just give me the dollar.
And now to turn slightly.
Ah, heck!
I did a fail.
Ah, a dollar.
Oh, my dollar.
I guess Meg didn't care.
My heart broken,
and nothing to console me but
the screaming black dolphins.
Man, that dollar's
getting all over town.
Yeah, like your mama.
Ah, dag!
Aw, man, you know I'm just playin'.
Hey, man, you seen that movie The Cove?
The Cove?
How yous gonna be
talkin' about The Cove?
I mean, I saw the movie, but
I was like, "Oh, (BLEEP)."
Ah, man, you know, what even is a cove?
I think it's like what a
white dolphin calls a bay.
They be all like, "Honey",
I'm taking Cooper and
Tucker down to the cove."
- Right, right.
- Rest of us be like,
- ♪ Sittin' in the mornin' sun. ♪
- Don't do it, then,
- don't do it!
- Oh, I'm-a do it!
All right, t-then just
squeak out the whistle part.
You ever had your heart broken, Jerome?
Hell yeah, man.
Married my high school sweetheart.
Week after our wedding, she
was diagnosed with cancer.
At her funeral, our little
girl caught pneumonia.
We buried her next to her
mom six weeks later.
You never seen a casket so small.
I hear you.
I gave me number to a girl
and she threw it away.
You and me, fraternity of pain, eh?
Okay, this is the one.
Son of a...
- Come on, Peter. Let's call it.
- No, Joe!
Nobody's leaving until I
sink a penny in that glass!
- Oh, for God's sakes.
- No...
Say, Peter, you know, maybe you should
try this one with your eyes closed.
Just feel it.
But if I close my eyes,
you'll all disappear and I'm
a-scared of being alone.
Don't worry, Peter.
Guys?
We're right here, Peter. Throw it.
Oh, my God, I made it?
- Sure.
- Right in.
Amazing.
Yes! I've never felt so much power.
I'm gonna go have sweaty
day-sex with my wife.
Excuse me, sir,
would you like to buy some
candy to send Jewish kids
to a Jewish place to do Jewish things?
Will it get you out of my bar?
It sure will.
Look who's still standing, bitch.
Go buy yourself something nice in hell.
Hey there, sailor.
What are you doing here?
Oh, sometimes I come
here to think and fart.
So, you still up for our date?
Our date? But I thought you got rid
of the dollar with my number on it.
No, I put your number
in my phone, silly.
So, what do you say?
Are you free tonight?
Let me consult me charts and maps.
Low tide... 5:23.
Oh, yeah. Moonrise, 7:48.
Aye, looks like I am.
Lois, I tossed a penny in a shot glass,
so get your pants off and put
a towel on the kitchen table!
Peter, I'm in the middle of book club.
Forget book club, we're doin' it.
Anyone who doesn't want to see
my big, white, flailing butt,
get the hell out.
Joe, I found a dollar!
That's great, Bonnie!
Let's go to dinner. We
can talk all about it.
What's there to talk about?
I looked down on the ground
and there was a dollar.
Bonnie, save it for the dinner table!
Crap, I don't have any change.
Hey, Seamus, you got
change for a dollar?
I don't know. Is my boat parked
illegally in the harbor?
I don't know.
Are you gonna make a contribution
to the Policeman's Ball?
I don't know. Are you gonna
help me move next week?
Geez, what are you two,
dating or something?
I don't know.
Good evening, everyone.
Welcome to Whispers.
I'm your hostess, Ida, and as always,
I am joined by my trusty
psychic, Ryan Reynolds.
I knew you'd say that.
Piano? Comedy? What don't you do?
Windows.
Trust me, folks, he doesn't, I've tried.
God, this is going well.
Well, Stewie, you were right. I couldn't
make it a day without drinking.
Well, the important thing is
you barely tried and then got shot.
So I read a fun compatibility
quiz in Cosmo.
I don't know if you want to take it.
- I don't.
- I didn't either!
Compatible!
If you'll excuse me, I have to urinate
every time something good happens.
I thought the show was really great.
Thank you. I couldn't help but
notice you talked throughout it.
Take it off!
I want to see if mine look right.
Well, Chris, we've looked all over town.
Might as well check here.
This is where dollar bills come to die.
Wait, Grandpa, look!
I don't believe it!
Oh, no. Now we'll never find it.
Hold on. I got an idea.
Hey, can I turn off everything
but the black lights?
- Sure, I don't care about anything.
- Cool.
Wow, this place is gross!
Yeah, the NBA All-Star Game
was in town last week.
There it is!
I got it, Grandpa!
Attaboy!
Happy Birthday, Grandson.
Thanks.
Hey, so, how much is this
rare dollar worth, anyway?
Ah, well, some dildo wrote
his phone number on it,
so now it's worth jack!
Ho ho!
Is everyone who was in the show!
H-Hold on, everyone. Everyone?
Ellen DeGeneres wants a
selfie of all of us.
Come on, squeeze in, now.
We're gonna blow up the Internet.
Let's take all that we did today
and make it all about Ellen.
Hey, I'm right here!
That caption's a phony!
Sync and corrections by btsix
www.addic7ed.com